a bunch of fruit sit inside of some treys 
Green apples are in a display case next to oranges. 
a tray that has some apples and some oranges on it
A pile of apples sitting next to oranges and red apples.
Red and green apples and oranges in protective packaging.
A set of four remote controls sitting side by side.
Several remote controls laying beside each other in a row,
a group of tv remotes and a wii mote lined up
Assortment of remote controls displayed side by side for comparison.
A picture of several different types of remotes 
Bananas are set out on a fruit display.
The wall shelf is filled with bananas at the peak of freshness.
a bunch of bananas near by with nothing else in frame
A fruit stand with several rows of bananas.
A pile of ripe bananas sitting next to each other.
A display case filled with blue boxes of oranges.
multiple cases of oranges on display with signs sitting on them
Crates of oranges are stacked with price signs at a market.
Blue baskets filled with florida oranges for sale
Oranges have been set on display in a super market.
A bunch of yellow and green bananas in the store
Rows of bright yellow bananas ready to be bought. 
a bunch of bananas with stickers standing side by side
A bunch of bananas are sitting onthe fruit stand
there are many green and yellow bananas on a stand
A collection of apples and oranges in wooden crates.
The colorful fruit is laid out in boxes.
a bunch of boxes filled with oranges and apples 
Apples and oranges in baskets sitting together grouped by colors
A grouping of baskets of fruit that include apples and oranges.
there are two zebras standing and one zebra laying down
Zebras are seen in the ground with scanty grass.
Three zebras are standing in an open area
A group of zebra standing next to each other on a dirt field.
Several adult zebras lounging in their natural habitat.
A display in a store filled with lots of different apples.
a selection of apples that include Golden Delicious, Red, and Fuji apples.
Variety of apples displayed in baskets on racks.
Shelves with apples having different colors in the store
A fruit stand depicting six varieties of apples.
A checkered cloth with bunches of bananas on it.
an image of a table of bananas for sale
Bunches of bananas on sale on a table.
Several bunches of yellow bananas for sale. 
Many bushels of yellow bananas are on display.
A bunch of oranges stacked up on and displayed for sale.
A well stacked shelf of very ripe oranges ready for sale.
A pile or oranges sitting on top of a shelf at a store.
A group of oranges and apples on display.
There are lots of oranges piled up on display.